# 1.x branch
## 1.5 branch
### 1.5.12
* fixed a serious bug for the `AssetMiddleware`, which actually partially prevented it from working;
* the `Exceptionist` class provided by me-tools is no longer used (in anticipation of an upcoming deprecation);
* requires at least php-tools `1.7.1` (to replace the pguardiario/phpuri package).

### 1.5.11
* fixed little bug: filename patterns for routes can contain `-`;
* small and numerous improvements of descriptions, tags and code suggested by PhpStorm.

### 1.5.10
* updated for CakePHP 4.4;
* little fixes.

### 1.5.9
* added tests for PHP 8.1;
* little fixes.

### 1.5.8
* updated for `php-tools` 1.5.8.

### 1.5.7
* ready for CakePHP 4.3. The `AssetMiddleware` was moved from `Assets\Routing\Middleware` to `Assets\Middleware`.

### 1.5.6
* migration to github actions.

### 1.5.5
* fixed bootstrap, mkdir errors are no longer suppressed;
* improvement of function descriptions and tags, increased the level of `phpstan`.

### 1.5.4
* updated for `php-tools` 1.4.7 and 1.5;
* ready for `php` 8 and `phpunit` 9.

### 1.5.3
* updated for `php-tools` 1.4.5;
* added `phpstan`, so fixed some code.

### 1.5.2
* updated for `php-tools` 1.4.1.

### 1.5.1
* fixed locales and added tests.

### 1.5.0
* updated for `cakephp` 4 and `phpunit` 8.

## 1.4 branch
### 1.4.4
* little fixes and removed some useless parameters;
* APIs are now generated by `phpDocumentor` and no longer by` apigen`.

### 1.4.3
* updated for `php-tools` `1.2.8`;
* added tests for lower dependencies.

### 1.4.2
* removed useless `AssetsCreator::filename()` method;
* added [API](https://mirko-pagliai.github.io/cakephp-assets).

### 1.4.1
* updated for `php-tools` 1.1.12.

### 1.4.0
* removed `ASSETS` constant;
* removed `IntegrationTestCase` class, use instead `IntegrationTestTrait` provided by CakePHP.

## 1.3 branch
### 1.3.1
* updated for CakePHP 3.7;
* updated for `php-tools` 1.1.6.

### 1.3.0
* the plugin now uses the `AssetsMiddleware` instead of a controller to "serve" assets. The `AssetsController` has
  therefore been deleted;
* fixed license headers.

## 1.2 branch
### 1.2.0
* updated for CakePHP 3.6.

## 1.1 branch
### 1.1.8
* solved a serious bug that prevented correct paths resolution under Windows;
* `AssetNotFoundException` moved to `Assets\Http\Exception` namespace;
* replaced `InternalErrorException` with `InvalidArgumentException` and
    `RuntimeException`. This allows compatibility with CakePHP 3.6 branch;
* added `IntegrationTestCase` and `TestCase` classes;
* full support for Windows, added Appveyor tests;
* now it uses the `mirko-pagliai/php-tools` package. This also replaces `mirko-pagliai/reflection`.

### 1.1.7
* the `Last-Modified` header is set up and sent to the client. It indicates the
    date and time at which the asset file was modified for the last time;
* the timestamp is attached to the assets, if required by the application configuration (`Asset.timestamp`);
* added `AssetCreator:filename()` and `AssetCreator::path()` methods;
* `AssetCreator::getAssetPath()` method renamed as `resolveAssetPath()` and `AssetCreator::resolvePath()` method renamed
  as `resolveFilePaths()`. This creates less confusion about the names and functions of class methods.

### 1.1.6
* updated for CakePHP 3.5.

### 1.1.5
* the MIT license has been applied.

### 1.1.4
* the target directory is created automatically, if it does not exist;
* added `ASSETS` constant.

### 1.1.3
* added `AssetNotFoundException` class. This exception is thrown when you request an asset that is not available;
* methods that have been deprecated with CakePHP 3.4 have been replaced;
* updated for CakePHP 3.4.

### 1.1.2
* fixed bug. Urls no longer contain the type of asset, but only the filename.

### 1.1.1
* the `AssetCreator` class has been rewritten, using only objects and improving the code;
* you can configure the plugin both before and after it is loaded.

### 1.1.0
* it uses `matthiasmullie/minify` instead of `clean-css` and `UglifyJS`;
* the `Asset` utility has been renamed as `AssetsCreator` and now it uses the temporary directory (`APP/tmp/assets/`);
* added the `AssetsController` with the `asset()` method, which takes care of sending assets;
* added tests for `AssetsController`, `AssetsCreator` and `AssetHelper` classes.

## 1.0 branch
### 1.0.2
* fixed code for CakePHP Code Sniffer.

### 1.0.1
* improved code;
* executables are set up and checked in the bootstrap.
